# Recurrent Class

> Namespace: [Assorted.Utils.Dates](_toc.Assorted.Utils.md#Assorted.Utils.Dates%20Namespace)\
> Assembly: [Assorted.Utils](_toc.Assorted.Utils.md) (Assorted.Utils.dll) version 1.0.0.0\
> Inheritance: [object](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.object) `→` Recurrent

This class provides some factory methods creating concrete instances of the [`IRecurrentPattern`](Assorted.Utils.Dates.IRecurrentPattern.md) interface.

## Syntax

```csharp
public static class Recurrent
```

## Methods

Method | Description
--- | ---
[Daily(int)](Assorted.Utils.Dates.Recurrent.Daily.md) | Returns a daily reoccurring pattern.
[Monthly(int, int)](Assorted.Utils.Dates.Recurrent.Monthly.md#Monthly%28int%2C%20int%29) | Returns a monthly reoccurring pattern when events occur on a specific day of the month.
[Monthly(WeekOfMonth, DayOfWeek, int)](Assorted.Utils.Dates.Recurrent.Monthly.md#Monthly%28WeekOfMonth%2C%20DayOfWeek%2C%20int%29) | Returns a monthly reoccurring pattern when events occur on a specific day of the week and a specific week of the month.
[Monthly(WeekOfMonth, DaysOfTheWeek, int)](Assorted.Utils.Dates.Recurrent.Monthly.md#Monthly%28WeekOfMonth%2C%20DaysOfTheWeek%2C%20int%29) | Returns a monthly reoccurring pattern when events occur on one of the specified days of the week and a specific week of the month.
[Weekly(DayOfWeek, int, DayOfWeek)](Assorted.Utils.Dates.Recurrent.Weekly.md#Weekly%28DayOfWeek%2C%20int%2C%20DayOfWeek%29) | Returns a weekly reoccurring pattern when events occur on a specific day of the week.
[Weekly(DaysOfTheWeek, int, DayOfWeek)](Assorted.Utils.Dates.Recurrent.Weekly.md#Weekly%28DaysOfTheWeek%2C%20int%2C%20DayOfWeek%29) | Returns a weekly reoccurring pattern when events occur on the specified days of the week.
[Yearly(int, int)](Assorted.Utils.Dates.Recurrent.Yearly.md#Yearly%28int%2C%20int%29) | Returns a yearly reoccurring pattern when events occur on a specific day of the year.
[Yearly(int, int, int)](Assorted.Utils.Dates.Recurrent.Yearly.md#Yearly%28int%2C%20int%2C%20int%29) | Returns a yearly reoccurring pattern when events occur on a specific day of the month and a specific month of the year.
[Yearly(MonthOfYear, int, int)](Assorted.Utils.Dates.Recurrent.Yearly.md#Yearly%28MonthOfYear%2C%20int%2C%20int%29) | Returns a yearly reoccurring pattern when events occur on a specific day of the month and a specific month of the year.
[Yearly(WeekOfMonth, DayOfWeek, int, int)](Assorted.Utils.Dates.Recurrent.Yearly.md#Yearly%28WeekOfMonth%2C%20DayOfWeek%2C%20int%2C%20int%29) | Returns a yearly reoccurring pattern when events occur on a specific day of the week and a specific week of a month of the year.
[Yearly(WeekOfMonth, DayOfWeek, MonthOfYear, int)](Assorted.Utils.Dates.Recurrent.Yearly.md#Yearly%28WeekOfMonth%2C%20DayOfWeek%2C%20MonthOfYear%2C%20int%29) | Returns a yearly reoccurring pattern when events occur on a specific day of the week and a specific week of a month of the year.
[Yearly(WeekOfMonth, DaysOfTheWeek, int, int)](Assorted.Utils.Dates.Recurrent.Yearly.md#Yearly%28WeekOfMonth%2C%20DaysOfTheWeek%2C%20int%2C%20int%29) | Returns a yearly reoccurring pattern when events occur on one of the specified days of the week and a specific week of a month of the year.
[Yearly(WeekOfMonth, DaysOfTheWeek, MonthOfYear, int)](Assorted.Utils.Dates.Recurrent.Yearly.md#Yearly%28WeekOfMonth%2C%20DaysOfTheWeek%2C%20MonthOfYear%2C%20int%29) | Returns a yearly reoccurring pattern when events occur on one of the specified days of the week and a specific week of a month of the year.

## Thread Safety

Any public static member of this type is thread\-safe, but instance members are not guaranteed to be thread\-safe.

## See Also

- [Assorted.Utils.Dates Namespace](_toc.Assorted.Utils.md#Assorted.Utils.Dates%20Namespace)

---

_This document is generated by [DG](https://github.com/Khojasteh/dg)._
