# DateUtils Class

> Namespace: [Assorted.Utils.Dates](index.md#assortedutilsdates-namespace)\
> Assembly: [Assorted.Utils](index.md) (Assorted.Utils.dll) version 1.1.0.0\
> Inheritance: [object](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.object) `→` DateUtils

Provides some helper methods for working with [`System.DateTime`](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.datetime) values.

## Syntax

```csharp
public static class DateUtils
```

## Fields

Field | Description
--- | ---
[DaysPerWeek](Assorted.Utils.Dates.DateUtils.DaysPerWeek.md) | The number of days in a week.

## Methods

Method | Description
--- | ---
[DateFor(WeekOfMonth, DayOfWeek, int, int)](Assorted.Utils.Dates.DateUtils.DateFor.md#dateforweekofmonth-dayofweek-int-int) | Returns the date for a specific occurrence of a given day of the week in a specified month of a the year.
[DateFor(WeekOfMonth, DayOfWeek, MonthOfYear, int)](Assorted.Utils.Dates.DateUtils.DateFor.md#dateforweekofmonth-dayofweek-monthofyear-int) | Returns the date for a specific occurrence of a given day of the week in a specific month of the year.
[DateForIso8601(int, int, DayOfWeek)](Assorted.Utils.Dates.DateUtils.DateForIso8601.md) | Converts a specified `ISO-8601` year, week of the year and day of the week to its [`System.DateTime`](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.datetime) equivalent value.
[DaysFromStartOfTheWeekToDayOfWeek(int, DayOfWeek)](Assorted.Utils.Dates.DateUtils.DaysFromStartOfTheWeekToDayOfWeek.md) | Returns the day of the week for the number of days after start of the week.
[ParseIso8601(string)](Assorted.Utils.Dates.DateUtils.ParseIso8601.md) | Converts the string representation of a date in `ISO-8601` format to its [`System.DateTime`](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.datetime) equivalent value.
[WeeksInYear(int)](Assorted.Utils.Dates.DateUtils.WeeksInYear.md) | Returns the number of `ISO-8601` weeks in a given year.

## Thread Safety

Any public static member of this type is thread\-safe, but instance members are not guaranteed to be thread\-safe.

## See Also

- [Assorted.Utils.Dates Namespace](index.md#assortedutilsdates-namespace)

---

_This document is generated by [DG](https://github.com/Khojasteh/dg)._
